Evgeny Ermakov 26 years old you have the right
on one dish I want yes joy greens
I have
dorada basil cheese garlic lemon
load and still olive oil cheese
hard 100 grams hard enough cheese
cut into cubes
garlic clove lemon
take one garlic peeled and cut
cut into two parts from lemon
wedges 1 for decoration 2 per form
fish all for the sun
add cheese fresh basil leaves
garlic and olive oil
and
darling fresh we take one on fish
I make small cuts on both sides
now take the sauce and thoroughly rub it
fish and forcing a lemon wedge
multi bake completely open
multivarku pouring a bit of olive
oils and put for pickled fish
and setting the baking mode for 30 minutes
we will wait
for server you easy baking mode
ended and spread the fish on the board
and decorate the resulting fish sprigs
fresh dill
only lemon
I'm home with my appetite